# Modeling synergies between life history traits and ex-vessel prices for a multi-species open-access fishery

This GitHub repository contains the data and code for the following paper:
- Feitosa, L. M., Burgess, M. G., Free, C. M., Gaines, S. D. (2024). Synergies between price and life history enhance extinction risk in open‐access fisheries. Fish and Fisheries. http://doi.org/10.1111/faf.12858

Please contact Leonardo M. Feitosa (lmfeitos@gmail.com) with any questions.

## Repository structure

The repository is organized using the following architecture:

- **src:** contains all the code used to simulate equilibria conditions and the time series simulations.
    - **simulations:** contains the code to run the equilibria and time series simulations for the different scenarios described in the paper.
    - **figures:** contains the code to plot each figure separately.
    - **outputs:** contains the data generated as the output of the ordinary differential equations solver.
    - **demo_simulations:** contains code to run the simulation for constant prices over time. Meant to be used in teaching activities (can be ignored by the public). 
- **data:**
    - contains the data generated by the simulations of equilibria scenarios.

## Citation

Please cite the paper and model as:

Feitosa, L. M., Burgess, M. G., Free, C. M., Gaines, S. D. (2024). Synergies between price and life history enhance extinction risk in open‐access fisheries. Fish and Fisheries. http://doi.org/10.1111/faf.12858
